Remains of _____ Swamp
The _____ers of land surroun____ __is monument was originally swamp, but was later fil____
Fr_____ng ago, t___________s nicknamed Blood Swamp because the _________ers poured the wat__ _sed to wash the ex__________ols in here.
Perhaps it's fo_______________hat many pe________m to have s___ ________n the area.
===Fully-legible version:===
Remains of Blood Swamp
The x meters of land surrounding this monument was originally swamp, but was later filled in.
From long ago, the swamp was nicknamed Blood Swamp because the executioners poured the water used to wash the execution tools in here.
Perhaps it's for that reason that many people seem to have seen ghosts in the area.
I'm going to write everything that I've learned so far. Maybe that will help you out somehow.
If you're reading this, it probably means I'm already dead.
I saw those demons. They were there, I'm certain. But my friend says he didn't see anything. If that's true, does that mean that what I saw was an illusion?
But whether that demon that ate human beings was real, or whether it was just some kind of hallucination that my mind dreamed up... one thing I know for sure is that I'm beyond all hope.
It seems that they're attracted to light. That's why people who need light to see are their natural prey. They also react strongly to sound.
If you want to go on living, you'd be better off just sitting in the dark and staying quiet. But even that probably won't save you.
If you're going to try to fight them, the most important thing is to relax. It's dangerous to fire a gun while you're all crazy with fear.
Take good aim, and then squeeze the trigger. And don't forget to finish them off. I think most of those creatures can be killed, even if they are tougher than people.
Run away.
Run away! Run away! Run away!
Run away! Run away! Run away!
Run away! Run away! Run away!
There was a HOLE here.
It's gone now.
[map with "?" labelled at the top of Martin Street]
Henry Mildred Scott
Three different sizes, time on the run. Three young men circlin' round the sun. Henry is short and very, very slow, Scott can't stop, he's always on the go.
Three needles stand of three different heights. The fat, the tall and the thin. From slow to fast they move to the right. Scott rests not on three, but fifteen.
The police announced today that Walter Sullivan, who was arrested on the 18th of this month for the brutal murder of Billy Locane and his sister Miriam, committed suicide in his jail cell early on the morning of the 22nd.
According to the police statement, Sullivan used a soup spoon to stab himself in the neck, severing his carotid artery. By the time the guard discovered him, Sullivan was dead from blood loss, the spoon buried two inches in his neck.
An old schoolmate of Walter Sullivan's from his hometown of Pleasant River said "He didn't look like the type of guy who would kill kids.
But I do remember that just before they arrested him he was blurting out all sorts of strange stuff like 'He's trying to kill me. He's trying to punish me. The monster... the red devil. Forgive me. I did it, but it wasn't me!'."
The schoolmate then added "I guess now that I think of it, he was kinda crazy."
Welcome to Silent Hill!
Silent Hill, a quiet little lakeside resort town. We're happy to have you. Take some time out of your busy schedules and enjoy a nice restful vacation here.
Row after row of quaint old houses, a gorgeous mountain landscape, and a lake which shows different sides of its beauty with the passing of the day, from sunrise to late afternoons to sunset.
Silent Hill will move you and fill you with a feeling of deep peace. I hope your time here will be pleasant and your memories will last forever.
Editor: Roger Widmark
# # >> # # << # # >> # #
(# - number, roman numeral or letter, depending on riddle difficulty)
Dear Tim, I have to run an errand so I'm going out.
I left the house key with Uncle David (You know where he lives, don't you? The key is in the room near the first floor staircase.). I'll be back as soon as I can, so please watch the place while I'm gone.
To the right is the lady. To the left is the old one.
In the center crawls the other.
Now just two spaces remain, But fear not for now, The puzzle is done. The puzzle is done.
Three bright coins in five holes be
At one end sits the Seducer of she
The wind from behind the woman doth play
The Formless One, Null, lies furthest from they
The Old One beside the Serpent sits not.
Tis to the Prisoner's left that he doth rot
First lies the seat of He who is Peerless Silent and empty, heartless and fearless Beside him sits one who knows The place of the servant is next to the throne
Dozens of feet, yet not a single toe The One that is Hidden beside him doth go Seducer of dreams, creature of Hades Lying further from Man and closer to Lady
Man and Woman seeing all Heedless to the Raven's call
Silent and Hidden the two may be They be not there for you to see
Return them to whence they would be And blessing shall descend on thee
I speak thus with the North Star behind me The birth of the sun is the start of the story
Like coins in the hazy aether tossed Our souls must by their sinful weight Descend to earth with lightness lost
To "right" the sins that they hath laid When thrice in falling they intone Then Happiness shall be thy own
The first note be not by the Horned One rung Though it be there that all sins be sprung
The Bringer of Life and the Bringer of Shame The sins of the latter be ever more tame
Though coming in the Aged One's wake The Formless One's soul in fear doth quake
The Needless One, silent, with hungers all sated Is least then in sin with his lusts all abated
For the gravest of sinners His place be appointed And if he be lucky May his soul be anointed
[Map with circle around Pete's-Bowl-O-Rama]
[Jack Davis]
He has attempted suicide three times in the past for reasons unknown. Although he is normally a model patient who follows doctor's and nurse's orders, he must be watched closely due to his past pattern of sudden and violent suicide attempts.
[Joseph Barkin]
His illness seems to be rooted in the fact that he believes he is guilty of causing his daughter's death. His symptoms suggest a psychotic break and paranoid delusions. Normally calm, but has a tendency towards violence when excited.
[Joshua Lewis]
History of hospitalization as well as numerous assault, battery and other violent offenses. He has a strong persecution complex and a tendency to solve things through violence. Extreme caution necessary.
The potential for this illness exists in all people and, under the right circumstances, any man or woman would be driven, like him, to "the other side."
The "other side" perhaps may not be the best way to phrase it. After all, there is no wall between here and there. It lies on the borders where reality and unreality intersect. It is a place both close and distant.
Some say it isn't even an illness. I cannot agree with them. I'm a doctor, not a philosopher or even a psychiatrist.
But sometimes I have to ask myself this question. It's true that to us his imaginings are nothing but the inventions of a busy mind. But to him, there simply is no other reality. Furthermore he is happy there.
So why, I ask myself, why in the name of healing him must we drag him painfully into the world of our own reality?
(Something else is written by hand.)
I got the key from Joseph. It's probably the key to that box.
3rd floor patient wing hall - 7335
The pin number this month is "T". Last month it was "X" and before that it was "Z." But what are they going to do next month? That's all they can express with 4 numbers.
Anyway does the door to the Patient Wing really need to have its combination changed this often?
===Easy/Normal Riddle Level===
i know it i know the number of the box # # # # it cant help him anymore the button key doesnt scare me so nobody can stop who i am i don't know who i am is who i am is who i am is
[# - randomized number]
===Hard/Extra Riddle Level===
i know it the secret i'll give them something to deal with this demon shelter is of no use any more he is my instrument he must follow my orders yes, the box will be useless
now i must not forget it # # # # that's good he is the lowest now i too will be free and he will serve me i am a genius no one can stop me one can stop me no one can stop me can stop can stop no no
[# - randomized number]
Louise I'll take care of you four ever. It's my destiny!
May 9 Rain. Stared out the window all day. Peaceful here - nothing to do. Still not allowed to go outside.
May 10 Still raining. Talked with the doctor a little. Would they have saved me if I didn't have a family to feed? I know I'm pathetic, weak. Not everyone can be strong.
May 11 Rain again. The meds made me feel sick today. If I'm only better when I'm drugged, then who am I anyway?
May 12 Rain as usual. I don't want to cause any more trouble for anyone, but I'm a bother either way. Can it really be a such a sin to run instead of fight?
Some people may say so, but they don't have to live in my shoes. It may be selfish, but it's what I want. It's too hard like this. It's just too hard....
May 13 It's clear outside. The doctors told me I've been released - that I've got to go home. I -----------------
[random four-digit code on wall above writing]
Tern tern tern the numbers better not forget them So I'll right them down here The other one, my secret name
I was locked up inside the basement's basement. It was so small and dark and I was so afraid. I dropped my precious ring. But I will never, ever go back there.
She is an angel no one knows only I can see the Lady of the Door they cannot walk along her Bridge of Thread they fall from the weight of their crimes.
Like bloated and ugly corpses their sins she devours them sin and sinner alike she saves me she is an angel.
I took the direckters's key - the one to the mooseum. I hid it behind the preying woman when I went out for the day trip. I picked it up but I did not steal it. I'm not a krimminal.
He who is not bold enough to be stared at from across the abyss is not bold enough to stare into it himself.
The truth can only be learned by marching forward.
Follow the map. There's a letter and a wrench.
Or perhaps you are a fool. The truth usually betrays people.
A part of that abyss is in the old society.
The key to the society is in the park. At the foot of the praying woman, inside of the ground, inside of a box. To open it, I need a wrench.
My patient buried it there. I knew, but did nothing. It made me uneasy to have such a thing near. I wasn't looking for the truth, I was looking for tranquility.
I also saw that thing. I fled, but the museum was sealed as well. Now no one dares to approach that place.
If you still do not wish to stop, James, I pray to the Lord to have mercy on your eternal soul.
If you really want to see Mary, you should just die.
But you might be heading to a different place than Mary, James.
Note: the above is what is captioned, however the following is the exact representation of the words on the wall.
If you ReaLly want to sEE Mary, you shOUld just DiE But You mIght be hEadiNg to A diffErent place than MARY, James.
"Misty day, remains of the Judgment"
"Waterfront landscape"
Allen Smith (Date of birth and death unknown)
A scene of this area from long ago. From the style, it looks like it was done sometime around 1820.
There were a lot fewer people then, and only a handful of buildings.
Burning Man
Woman in Flight
436 People at a Recital
I give you blood to atone for the Three Sins.
Toluca Lake, the town's main tourist attraction. This clear, beautiful lake has another side as well.
It may seem like just a typical ghost story that you might find in any number of old towns across the country. But in this case, the legend is true.
On a fog-bound November day in 1918, the Little Baroness, a ship filled with tourists, failed to return to port.
A newspaper article from back then simply says "It most likely sunk for some reason". Despite an extensive police search, not a single fragment of the ship nor any of the 14 bodies of passengers or crew has ever been recovered to this day.
In 1939, an even stranger incident occurred.
(There are many pages torn out.)
Many corpses rest at the bottom of this lake. Their bony hands reach up towards the boats that pass overhead. Perhaps they reach for their comrades.
Prisoners do not feel remorse. In fact, they do not feel themselves to be villains at all. Even the most uneducated brute will use what little words he knows to justify himself.
And such trifling dreams they have, flourishing even in the darkness. Prisoners, too, are no exception.
No matter how foul nor loathsome one's own life and existence may be, human nature is abiding.
The bo____f a man later identified as Thomas Oro_____Lumberjack, ag_ 39) was discovered in the ________________om lying fa______
The probable cause of dea____as multiple stab wounds to the front of the neck and the left side of the torso by a sharp edged weapon. The estimated____e of death was somewhere between 11:00 p.____nd 12:30 midnight.
Due to signs of struggle in the room and the lack of a murder weapon, police are cons__ering this a homicide and have opened a murder investigation.
Furthermore, given the fact that the cash in the room was untouched and Mr. Oro_____ad a history of drunkenness and violence, the polic______ect that t_____tive was not robbery____ _________ of crime o______ion.
===Fully-legible version:===
The body of a man later identified as Thomas Orosco, Lumberjack, age 39) was discovered in the middle of the room lying face up.
The probable cause of death was multiple stab wounds to the front of the neck and the left side of the torso by a sharp edged weapon. The estimated time of death was somewhere between 11:00 p.m. and 12:30 midnight.
Due to signs of struggle in the room and the lack of a murder weapon, police are considering this a homicide and have opened a murder investigation.
Furthermore, given the fact that the cash in the room was untouched and Mr. Orosco had a history of drunkenness and violence, the police suspect that the motive was not robbery but some sort of crime of passion.
He committed an evil crime. He turned a happy home into a pile of ash. For that, he should die.
They also committed crimes. They tried to fraud and trick others. So their reward too is natural.
Even he cannot be forgiven, My friend without his left hand. And so his death bothers me not.
And what of him? He also is not sinless. There is only one here who is innocent.
The missing child was nowhere to be found, And so there was no proof of his guilt. His death was a tragedy.
That is all I wish to say. It was neither justice nor retribution.
Dead men, dead men swinging in a tree How many dead men do you see? Tongue turned blue and face gone grey Watch them as they twist and sway
The first one killed the butcher man Then cooked him in the frying pan Served him to his hungry guests And gave them seconds on request
The next one with his smile and sweets Stole poor children off the streets To men who dressed unsavory He sold them into slavery
Breaking into a home at night The thief he had a nasty fright Filled his foolish head with ale Woke in the morn in the county jail
The artist with his daunting skill Tried his hand at painting bills But caught in rain he was undone When the ink he'd use did start to run
With promises of great return Taking gold he did not earn Bundled it up out of sight Quietly slipped off into night
Three houses into ashes burned The sheriff with no place to turn Did spy a stranger to his town Locked him up and beat him down
Dead men, dead men swinging in a tree How many dead men do you see? Six feet long and six men wide Round their necks the noose be tied
I do not wish to die. But tomorrow I will climb the thirteen steps.
Please someone - answer me, Why must I die come the morning? The man imprisoned beside me believed me. "Because they're all insane, that's why," he said. Of course I know his opinion will change nothing. "Now you know why I struck out at them," he muttered.
The man who was executed yesterday, the one who had said his job was to sell dreams, said that was not true.
But the man who is to be executed the day after tomorrow for stealing children shouted back that it was true.
The man who was hung today did not answer. "They'll kill me either way," he said. He was caught embezzling public money, so he hasn't any hope for mercy.
The man who is always quietly smiling to himself said "I am happy for I will soon be with her."
I do not wish to die. I long only to return home. But I know it is not to be. Though I have done nothing, this crime has been thrust upon me.
Someone save me. This is not judgement. They are bloodthirsty and I am their sacrificial lamb!
We may visit death upon the head of the sinner but to what avail?
In the name of retribution, we took part in a bitter comedy this day.
You, hanging as you do, by your neck, Unforgiven and cursed by all.
Five of them committed crimes, six went out for a drink and were captured there.
Only one of them was innocent, but they knew not that.
The bloodstains remaining are proof of their guilt. Trodden upon and thus created, they are the paths to Hell or the Void.
The white bandages stained with crimson, The remains upon the scorched black earth, The whispered cries of the maiden. They are but a meaningless contract.
They are also signs of guilt.
But one of them was done without reason. It was done out of fear and a ripe imagination.
Spinning alone at the end of a rope, it is nothing less than a disgrace to us all.
Mr. James Sunderland, The videotape you forgot here is being kept in the office on the 1st floor.
[random four-letter code word]
"The Road to Tomorrow"
The first step to a healthy life is to avoid illness. That may sound obvious, but it's also very important. Instead of working to heal yourself after you're sick, it's better to avoid getting sick in the first place.
Also you have to maintain a positive, optimistic outlook on life. It's no use worrying over things that have happened in the past.
You've got to get outside and play in the fresh air once in a while, instead of just sitting inside reading difficult books.
"How to be a Happy Couple"
Do you really love her? In sickness and in health? If you truly love her, then you must act. It all depends on how hard you fight for her.
Whatever happens, don't give up. Always try just one more time. Even though there may be hard times, never turn to another woman.
And if it comes to it, you must be willing to protect her with your very life. After all, true love means a willingness to sacrifice.
Be true to your heart and with luck, things will work out in the end.
"Choosing Death"
When life is filled with nothing but despair, some people choose to end it all. I once chose that path for myself as well. At the time I felt that I had no other choices.
After I made my decision, it became the only thing binding me into this world. Sometimes I would cry to myself while thinking of the past, but mostly all I did was plan over and over again how and when I was going to kill myself.
I did stupid, dangerous things. I figured it didn't matter since I was going to die anyway, so I went out of my way to invite disaster. I stopped taking to people and it didn't bother me even when friendships grew distant.
In my restless dreams, I see that town. Silent Hill.
You promised you'd take me there again someday. But you never did.
Well I'm alone there now... In our "special place"...
Waiting for you...
The name comes from the legend of the people whose land was stolen from them.
They called this place "The Place of the Silent Spirits." By "Spirits," they meant not only their dead relatives, but also the spirits that they believed inhabited the trees, rocks and water around them.
According to legend, this was where the holiest ceremonies took place.
But it was not the ancestors of those who now live in this town that first stole the land from these people. There were others who came before.
In those days, this town went by another name. But that name is now hopelessly lost in the veils of time.
All we know is that there was another name, and that for some reason the town was once abandoned by its residents.
My dearest Laura, I'm leaving this letter with Rachel to give to you after I'm gone.
I'm far away now. In a quiet, beautiful place.
Please forgive me for not saying goodbye before I left.
Be well, Laura.
Don't be too hard on the sisters.
And Laura, about James... I know you hate him because you think he isn't nice to me, but please give him a chance.
It's true he may be a little surly sometimes, and he doesn't laugh much. But underneath he's really a sweet person.
Laura... I love you like my very own daughter.
If things had worked out differently, I was hoping to adopt you.
Happy 8th birthday, Laura.
Your friend forever, Mary
Speak. I am the Crimson One.
The lies and the mist are not they but I. You all know that I am One. Yes, and the One is I.
Believers hearken to me! Twenty score men and seven thousand beasts. Heed my words and speaketh them to all, that they shall ever be obeyed even under the light of the proud and merciless sun.
I shall bring down bitter vengeance upon thee and thou shalt suffer my eternal wrath.
The beauty of the withering flower and the last struggles of the dying man, they are my blessings.
Thou shalt ever call upon me and all that is me in the place that is silent.
Oh, proud fragrance of life which flies towards the heart. Oh Cup which brims with the whitest of wine, it is in thee that all begins.
In my restless dreams, I see that town. Silent Hill.
You promised you'd take me there again someday. But you never did.
Well I'm alone there now... In our "special place"...
Waiting for you...
Waiting for you to come to see me.
But you never do.
And so I wait, wrapped in my cocoon of pain and loneliness.
I know I've done a terrible thing to you. Something you'll never forgive me for.
I wish I could change that, but I can't.
I feel so pathetic and ugly laying here, waiting for you...
Every day I stare up at the cracks in the ceiling and all I can think about is how unfair it all is...
The doctor came today. He told me I could go home for a short stay.
It's not that I'm getting better. It's just that this may be my last chance...
I think you know what I mean...
Even so, I'm glad to be coming home. I've missed you terribly.
But I'm afraid James. I'm afraid you don't really want me to come home.
Whenever you come see me, I can tell how hard it is on you...
I don't know if you hate me or pity me... Or maybe I just disgust you....
I'm sorry about that.
When I first learned that I was going to die, I just didn't want to accept it.
I was so angry all the time and I struck out at everyone I loved most. Especially you, James.
That's why I understand if you do hate me.
But I want you to know this, James.
I'll always love you.
Even though our life together had to end like this, I still wouldn't trade it for the world. We had some wonderful years together.
Well this letter has gone on too long so I'll say goodbye.
I told the nurse to give this to you after I'm gone.
That means that as you read this, I'm already dead.
I can't tell you to remember me, but I can't bear for you to forget me.
These last few years since I became ill...I'm so sorry for what I did to you, did to us...
You've given me so much and I haven't been able to return a single thing.
That's why I want you to live for yourself now. Do what's best for you, James.
James...
You made me happy.
[Once the videotape is inserted into the VCR of room 312 of Lake View Hotel, the following plays]
[Mary walks into the frame.]
Mary: Are you taping again? C'mon...
[She sits down in a chair by the window and looks outside.]
Mary: I don't know why, but I just love it here.
It's so peaceful.
You know what I heard?
This whole area used to be a sacred place.
I think I can see why.
It's too bad we have to leave...
Please promise you'll take me again, James.
[Mary starts to cough and puts her head down as if she's embarrassed.]
[Static erupts over the screen and the video image flickers. After a while we see Mary on her sickbed through the high volume of snow on the screen.
It's hard to see through the static, but we see James approach her and lean over the bed for a moment.
Suddenly, he snatches her pillow from underneath her head, while the video image flickers back and forth from other parts of the video. James smothers her as she flails about, struggling for her life.
After a few moments, she stops moving and the video cuts to only static.]
I'll wait at "BAR Neely's"
The door that wakes in darkness, opening into nightmares.
"Searching for Another Conclusion"
The scars from the past shall remove the nail that stops Time.
Rosewater Park
Patrick Chester, son of Edward. He fought and died for the people, for liberty and for all of our tomorrows. His memory lives on.
In memory of the sixty seven who died of illness and now sleep beneath the lake.
Victim of persecution by t__________ans. Jenni___ Carroll lived with pride and honor. What happened here shall never be forgotten.
===Fully-legible version:===
Victim of persecution by the Christians Jennifer Carroll lived with pride and honor. What happened here shall never be forgotten.
Lakeview Hotel
Silent Hill Historical Society
Lakeview Hotel
Heaven's Night
Jacks Inn
Pete's Bowl-O-Rama
Heaven's Night
Food only! Do not store drugs!
If Joseph looks calm, he can be taken out of his cell.
Silent Hill Historical Society
Wiltse Coal Mine
Brookhaven Hospital (1880)
This hospital was built in response to a great plague that followed a wave of immigration to this area. It was originally little more than a shack, but it gradually grew and grew.
September 11, 1820 Prisoner number: C-221
Crimson and White Banquet for the Gods
Death by Skewering
An execution at the prison. Death by Skewering or Strangling. To choose his death is the prisoner's last taste of freedom.
Toluca Prison Camp
Built during the Civil War. Later became Toluca Prison.
"Black Magic from the Abyss" "Resurrection of the Dead"
"The Chronicle of Agrippa" "Manuscript of the Iron Rings"
"On Sacrifice and the Art of Demon-Summoning" "Tome of the Seer"
"The Feast of the Succubi" "The Fallen Angels of Mercy and Favor"
This man was hung for the crime of counterfeiting. Justice and revenge have been served.
This man was hung for the crime of kidnapping. Justice and revenge have been served.
This man was hung for the crime of thievery. Justice and revenge have been served.
This man was hung for the crime of bodily injury. Justice and revenge have been served.
This man was hung for the crime of arson. Justice and revenge have been served.
This man was hung for the crime of swindling. Justice and revenge have been served.
This man was hung for the
crime of embezzlement. Justice
and revenge have been served.
This man was hung for the
crime of murder. Justice and
revenge have been served.
Only the sinless one can help you here. Mistakenly pull on a criminal's rope and your reward will be returned to you in a shape most wondrously strange.
Note: the above is what is captioned, however the message seen on the sign in the game is completely different.
NOTICE!
Pull ye but once on a rope's trayed end Go and return and the error be mended Beware thee though the punishment sended
Note: "trayed" is a typo and should read "strayed"
This felon drank one last bottle of ale before he was executed and laid here to his eternal rest.
Walter Sullivan
Miriam K. -"Traitor"
James Sunderland
Angela Orosco
Eddie Dombrowski
WARNING KEEP OFF
[written in handwriting inside the box of room 312 on the map]
Waiting for you...
Venus tears
Weight allowance: one person
"I'm Johnny, one hot guy."
===Easy Riddle Level===
When the Lost One is returned the sour note shall turn sweet.
Normal Riddle Level
Seat of the Princess who fled at midnight.
Seat of the Princess who awoke from Death.
Seat of the Princess who spoke no words.
Hard/Extra Riddle Level
Twas shameful greed did stain her shoe with blood.
Even so, I still want to believe that she was happy.
Beauty - Both a blessing and a curse thou be.
Along with you died joy. All that remains is despair and a future of meaningless tomorrows.
But I will never give up. One, to see your beautiful smile again. One, to beg the blessings of the Gods. I wait for that day.
When the boards cover all All sadness too will be covered But until my dreams return to reality I will have to swallow all the pain.
Acacia
A genus of evergreen trees of the mimosa tribe of the pea family. Its tiny flowers are yellow or white and grow in clusters. Common varieties include the "gum tree".
The Acacia Tree is a potent symbol in many religions across the World. In Christianity it represents eternal life and morality.
In ancient Egypt it represented purity and rebirth, while in ancient Babylonia it was thought of as the tree of the Goddess Ishtar and was a symbol of Life.
It was also a holy tree to the Ancient Jews who built the sacred Ark of the Covenenant from it and for whom it signified a peaceful death and a release from grief.
Note: In the last paragraph, the word "Covenenant" is a spelling error; it should read "Covenant"]
"Lost Memories"
I have the strongest trust - you may even call it faith - in the miracle called "Ressurection of the Dead".
Upon the hill where the light descended, the Beast intoned his song. With words of blood, drops of mist and the vessel of night, the grave become an open field.
The people wept in fear and joy at the reunion, but my faith in the salvation of Xuchilpaba did not waver.
It is also spoken of in the ancient legends. The original worshippers did not believe that death was the end but that it was simply the path by which the deceased returned to nature. They also believed the process was reversible.
(There's something imprinted towards the bottom of the page.)
Blood = Red, Mist = White, Night = Black
Note: In the first paragraph, the word "Ressurection" is a spelling error; it should read "Resurrection"
[Written on back of board]
When the White Breath is found, I shall dedicate this thing. Oh Spirit of the Mist, Grant us fortune eternal.
[Written on back of board]
When the Dark Grail is found, I shall dedicate this thing. You who deny Death, Grant us fortune eternal.
[Written on back of board]
When the Crimson Words are found, I shall dedicate this thing. Oh you Gods deep in slumber, Grant us fortune eternal.
TO MY DEAREST DADDY HAPPY BIRTHDAY! FROM AMY BALDWIN
Heaven's Night
Amy Baldwin
She was loved too much by God. Seven years was not enough time.
Keep out of Haunted Mansion
